# cuplv.github.io
## How to edit this website:
 * Clone the repo: `git clone git@github.com:cuplv/cuplv.github.io.git`
 * initialize CVX submodule: `git submodule init && git submodule update`
 * Make changes to `pl.xml` **only** -- do not directly edit `.html` files, as those will be autogenerated from the XML, overwriting your changes.  In particular, you probably want to:
     * *Add or change your personal information:* Edit the `people` table to add a `person` entry for yourself or a co-author, make changes to your website URL, headshot, or student type (e.g. Masters, PhD, Alumni). To add or change a headshot, also commit an image to the `./pics` directory, editing the path in the corresponding `people -> person -> face` field of `pl.xml`.
     * *Add a publication:* Commit a PDF of the paper to the `./papers` directory.  Edit the `publications` table, adding a `pub` entry with the requisite metadata.  If this is the first paper from a given venue, you will also need to add that venue to the `events` table.
	   * If the word-cloud icon is showing a broken link, make sure you have `imagemagick` installed through your system package manager.
	 * *Add a news item or talk announcement:* Add a `news` entry to the `news-list` table, including a short one-line-ish `news-snippet` and few-sentences-ish `news-detail`.  You can reference other tables (e.g. `pub`, `person`, `event`) with `ref` tags; see other news items for examples.
 * `make` the website's html from the updated xml source.
 * `open index.html` and verify that all of your changes look as expected. (and nothing else looks egregiously broken)
 * `git add` *all* changed files: `pl.xml`, any added assets, and all generated HTML.
 * `git commit` your changes and `git push origin HEAD` them up to Github.
 * Your changes will be visible at `plv.colorado.edu` within a few minutes!

Some more detailed instructions are available on the [old PLV website](https://sites.google.com/site/cuprolangs/accessing-resources#TOC-Editing-the-PLV-Website) -- log into your @colorado.edu google account to access.  Disregard any `svn` instructions and replace by their `git` equivalents.
